Fixes #10346 - Document new TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps switch (#10355)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.4/PSReadLine/Set-PSReadLineOption.md

 [-HistorySearchCaseSensitive] [-HistorySaveStyle <HistorySaveStyle>] [-HistorySavePath <String>]
 [-AnsiEscapeTimeout <Int32>] [-PromptText <String[]>] [-ViModeIndicator <ViModeStyle>]
 [-ViModeChangeHandler <ScriptBlock>] [-PredictionSource <PredictionSource>]
 [-PredictionViewStyle <PredictionViewStyle>] [-Colors <Hashtable>] [-TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps]

>  [-ProgressAction <ActionPreference>] [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: `-ProgressAction` is part of `CommonParameters`, isn't it?

Author: Oops, right. PlatyPS added that because it doesn't know about it.

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps

This parameter sets the **TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps** option to `$true`.

On Windows, when you press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> to terminate a process, each process
attached to a console receives a terminate signal, as opposed to just the active shell. Sometimes,
when a shell has launched some large tree of child processes, (imagine a build system, for example)
some processes may exit, leaving multiple processes concurrently trying to consume console input.

> When the **TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps** option is set to `$true`, tracks child processes and
> properly terminates them after receiving a <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>c</kbd> signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting the **TerminateOrphanedConsoleApps** option to `$true`, PSReadLine records the list of processes that are currently attached to the console. Afterwards, whenever PSReadLine runs, it will get a new list of processes attached to the console, and terminate those that are not in the original list.
```
